Title: "The doubts then the sweetness"

Main Character: 
    Gender: male
    Name: Oliver
    Role: some S + somewhat D
    Personality: Introverted, Shy, Facaded

First Domanatrix:
    Gender: female
    Name: Kelly
    Role: D
    Personality: Energetic, Silly, Optimistic

Second Domanatrix:
    Gender: female
    Name: Laura
    Role: D
    Personality: Honest, Sadistic, Caring

Opening Idea: (Just an idea I started out playing around with)
    Oliver lives on his own, struggling with self doubt and a lust for kink.
    Torn between the repsectable man that everyone sees him as and the indescribable
    mixed feelings on the inside, he lustfully but reluctantly decides to meet
    with a domanatrix. Already having doubts afther the post-orgasm clarity,
    he decides to follow through thinking to himself, "what's the worst that can happen anyway?"
    Partially Oliver's fault and finding the wrong type of person, Oliver ends up disliking his session.
    Oliver's provess for signing up to meet with a domanatrix consisted of searching through meetup links until eventually,
    he managed to schedule a video call with a woman named Kelly. In this video call,
    Kelly asked several questions including what type of session he wished for,
    what he was into, any hard limits, any possibly relevant medical history, the typical questions.
    Oliver answered all of these questions while awake purely becaues of his lust.
    His video meeting took place near into the night. The hours of searching made him somewhat tired.
    Nighttime is the time of day when Oliver always felt the worst from his self-intrusive thoughts.
    Oliver decided to play it safe and ask for a short session. When it comes to the questions about limits
    and what he is into, the tiredness morphs his answers into something he would regret.
    The weekend that Oliver had been awaiting since his gloomy night finally arrives.
    He takes the 1 hour drive to Kelly's house, arriving perfectly on time. Coincidentally,
    she just so happens to aimlessly stare through the peep hole as Oliver walkes near the stair way.
    She welcomes him and takes him inside. Kelly quickly runs through the answers which Oliver gave to her during
    their video call. She takes him to the main room, where she asks him to strip his clothes.
    Oliver is quite self conscious, and is nervous to do so. It was quite instant for Oliver since
    he did not expect things to start so soon. He was rarely in the best mental state,
    either feeling tired and unmotivated or halfway filled with lust. Now that Oliver is
    finally in place, he regrets his answers. The result of his answers was a session where
    he was a cuck, which he did not enjoy, tied in the corner of the room, only intermittedly
    receiving some touches. Oliver doubts himself and when the hour is up, he says goodbye and leaves.

Changes:
    Rather than him being a cuck, it is more of vanilla session

Story (oversimplified to single phrases):

[Scene: Late night near 7pm on a Tuesday]
Oliver finally finds a website where he chooses to meet with a domanatrix

[Late night near 9pm]
Two hours later, they have a video call. The Domme is named Kelly
She asks him questions but Oliver is incredubly tired and since it is late at night, causing him to answer poorly
Kelly seems normal except for the questions that she is asking
She tells him that he should not masturbate between now and when they should meet

[After the meeting]
After the session, Oliver finishes and is in a poor mental state
He somewhat regrets his decision and can't believe what he has done.
He eventually goes to sleep late in the night when he is too tired to continue his cyclical intrusive-thoughts

[In the morning] [Wednesday]
He remembered that they had both agreed to meet at Kelly's house on a Saturaday afternoon
Todays is wednesday, and he tries to forget what he had done yesterday, and sets an alarm for friday in case he does, just to be safe.
